Proposal: Update PR template (#3)
3778/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!---
Thank you for contributing, please fill these checks and give more information about the changes you're introducing.
Many of these questions are optional, but please keep in mind that a better description leads to a better review.

> For questions that don't apply to your changes, just delete its section.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
For questions that don't apply to your changes, just delete them.
```

Looks more straightforward to me.

Btw, "its section" may not fit with the plural form of questionS. So, "its section" is incorrect and either "them" or "their sections" would be correct, right?

Author: If it's plural, then "their sections". But I believe it's fine to mention a single one from the bunch

> For questions that don't apply to your changes, just delete it's section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For questions that don't apply to your changes, just delete the section.
```
or
```suggestion
For questions that don't apply to your changes, just delete its section.
```

Please check if the pull request fulfills these requirements:
1. The commit messages follow our [guidelines](https://3778.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ENG/pages/252543089/How+We+Use+GitHub);
2. Tests for the changes have been added/performed;
3. Docs have been added/updated.

If you need the help of any person or team to apply these changes, please `@` them in the end of the description and mark them as reviewers.

> You should delete this commented instructions from the PR description.

Author: ```suggestion
This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source fell free to delete it.
```

> You should delete this commented instructions from the PR description.

Reviewer 2: Not required. Comments are not displayed at the PR description.
```suggestion
```

> You should delete this commented instructions from the PR description.

Reviewer 2: Comments are not displayed in the PR description.
```suggestion
```

Author: I know. I usually do it intentionally on my own, because I don't like the commented instructions to stick in the description source. Only relevant for people who **edit** it posteriorly. No strong feelings about it, just my ToC on less is more...

Author: Maybe "~should~" → "may"?

Reviewer 2: > This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source fell free to delete it.

> This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source fell free to delete it.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source fell free to do so.
```

Sounds more natural to me.

> This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source fell free to delete it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This comment section won't be displayed on the PR description. If you wish to remove it from the description source feel free to delete it.
```
